Usage:
  bin/bibscrape [options] <url> ...

Collect BibTeX entries from the websites of academic publishers.

See https://github.com/adamsmd/BibScrape/README.md for more details.

----------------
INPUTS
----------------

 <url> ...

    The publisher's page to be scraped or the filename of a BibTeX file to be
    read to find BibTeX entries to rescrape or fix.

    - If it starts with 'http:' or 'https:', it is interpreted as a URL.
    - If it starts with 'doi:', it is interpreted as a DOI.
    - If it is '-', BibTeX entries are read from standard input.
    - Otherwise, it is a filename from which BibTeX entries are read.

 --key|-k=<Str> ...         Default:

                            Separator: ','

    Specify the keys to use in the output BibTeX.

    Successive keys are used for succesive BibTeX entries.

    If omitted or an empty string, the key will be automatically generated or
    copied from the existing BibTeX entry.

 --names=<File> ...         Default: '.'

                            Separator: ';'

    Add to the list of names files. See the NAMES FILES section for details. The
    file name "." means "names.cfg" in the user-configuration directory.

 --name=<Str> ...           Default:

    Add to the list of names as if <Str> were the content of a names file. See
    the NAMES FILES section for details about names files. Semicolons are
    interpreted as newlines.

 --nouns=<File> ...         Default: '.'

                            Separator: ';'

    Add to the list of nouns files. See the NOUNS FILES section for details. The
    file name "." means "nouns.cfg" in the user-configuration directory.

 --noun=<Str> ...           Default:

    Add to the list of nouns as if <Str> were the content of a nouns file. See
    the NOUNS FILES section for details about nouns files. Semicolons are
    interpreted as newlines.

----------------
OPERATING MODES
----------------

 --init                     Default: False

    Create the default names and nouns files.

 --config-dir               Default: False

    Print the location of the user-configuration directory.

 --scrape|-S                Default: True

    Scrape the BibTeX entry from the publisher's page

 --fix|-F                   Default: True

    Fix common BibTeX mistakes

----------------
GENERAL OPTIONS
----------------

 --window|-w                Default: False

    Show the browser window while scraping. (This is usefull for debugging or if
    BibScrape unexpectedly hangs.)

 --timeout|-t=<Num>         Default: 60

    Browser timeout in seconds for individual page loads

 --escape-acronyms          Default: True

    In titles, enclose sequences of two or more uppercase letters (i.e., an
    acronym) in braces so that BibTeX preserves their case.

 --issn-media=<MediaType>   <MediaType> := Print | Online | Both

                            Default: Both

    When both a print and an online ISSN are available:

    - if <MediaType> is "Print", use only the print ISSN,
    - if <MediaType> is "Online", use only the online ISSN,
    - if <MediaType> is "Both", use both the print and the online ISSN

    If only one ISSN is available, this option is ignored.

 --isbn-media=<MediaType>   <MediaType> := Print | Online | Both

                            Default: Both

    When both a print and an online ISBN are available:
    - if <MediaType> is "Print", use only the print ISBN,
    - if <MediaType> is "Online", use only the online ISBN,
    - if <MediaType> is "Both", use both the print and the online ISBN

    If only one ISBN is available, this option is ignored.

 --isbn-type=<IsbnType>     <IsbnType> := Isbn13 | Isbn10 | Preserve

                            Default: Preserve

    - If <IsbnType> is "Isbn13", always convert ISBNs to ISBN-13
    - If <IsbnType> is "Isbn10", when possible convert ISBns to ISBN-10
    - If <IsbnType> is "Preserve", do not convert ISBNs.

 --isbn-sep=<Str>           Default: -

    The string to separate parts of an ISBN. Hyphen and space are the most
    common. Use an empty string to specify no separator.

 --version|-V               Default: False

    Print version information

 --help|-h                  Default: False

    Print this usage message

----------------
FIELD OPTIONS
----------------

 --field|-f=<Str> ...       Default: 'key' 'author' 'editor' 'affiliation'
                            'title' 'howpublished' 'booktitle' 'journal'
                            'volume' 'number' 'series' 'type' 'school'
                            'institution' 'location' 'conference_date' 'chapter'
                            'pages' 'articleno' 'numpages' 'edition' 'day'
                            'month' 'year' 'issue_date' 'organization'
                            'publisher' 'address' 'language' 'isbn' 'issn' 'doi'
                            'url' 'eprint' 'bib_scrape_url' 'note' 'annote'
                            'keywords' 'abstract'

                            Separator: ','

    Known BibTeX fields in the order that they should appear in the output

 --no-encode=<Str> ...      Default: 'doi' 'url' 'eprint' 'bib_scrape_url'

                            Separator: ','

    Fields that should not be LaTeX encoded

 --no-collapse=<Str> ...    Default:

                            Separator: ','

    Fields that should not have their whitespace collapsed

 --omit|-o=<Str> ...        Default:

                            Separator: ','

    Fields that should be omitted from the output

 --omit-empty=<Str> ...     Default: 'abstract' 'issn' 'doi' 'keywords'

                            Separator: ','

    Fields that should be omitted from the output if they are empty

----------------
BOOLEAN FLAGS
----------------

Use --flag, --flag=true, --flag=yes, --flag=y, --flag=on or --flag=1
to set a boolean flag to True.

Use --/flag, --flag=false, --flag=no, --flag=n, --flag=off or --flag=0
to set a boolean flag to False.

----------------
LIST FLAGS
----------------

Use --flag=<value> to add a value to a list flag.

Use --/flag=<value> to remove a value from a list flag.

Use --flag= to set a list flag to an empty list.

Use --/flag= to set a list flag to its default list.

----------------
NAMES
----------------

BibScrape warns the user about author and editor names that publishers often get
wrong. For example, some publisher assume the last name of Simon Peyton Jones is
"Jones" when it should be "Peyton Jones", and some publishers put author names
in all upper case (e.g., "CONNOR MCBRIDE").

We call these names "possibly incorrect", not because they are wrong but because
the user should double check them.

The only names we do not consider possibly incorrect are those in the names
files (see the NAMES FILE section) or those that consist of a first name,
optional middle initial, and last name in any of the following formats:

First name:

- Xxxx
- Xxxx-Xxxx
- Xxxx-xxxx
- XxxxXxxx

Middle initial:

- X.

Last name:

- Xxxx
- Xxxx-Xxxx
- d'Xxxx
- D'Xxxx
- deXxxx
- DeXxxx
- DiXxxx
- DuXxxx
- LaXxxx
- LeXxxx
- MacXxxx
- McXxxx
- O'Xxxx
- VanXxxx

This collection of name formats was chosen based the list of all authors in DBLP
and tries to strike a ballance between names that publishers are unlikely to get
wrong and prompting the user about too many names.

----------------
NAMES FILES
----------------

A names file specifies the correct form for author names.

A names file is plain text in Unicode format. Anything after # (hash) is a
comment. Blank or whitespace-only lines separate blocks, and blocks consist of
one or more lines. The first line in a block is the canonical/correct form for a
name. Lines other than the first one are aliases that should be converted to the
canonical form.

When searching for a name, case distinctions and divisions of the name into
parts (e.g., first vs last name) are ignored as publishers often get these wrong
(e.g., "Van Noort" will match "van Noort" and "Jones, Simon Peyton" will match
"Peyton Jones, Simon").

The default name file provides several examples with comments and recommended
practices.

----------------
NOUNS FILES
----------------

A nouns file specifies words that should be protected from lower-casing by
inserting curly braces into the output BibTeX.

A nouns file is plain text in Unicode format. Anything after # (hash) is a
comment. Blank or whitespace-only lines separate blocks, and blocks consist of
one or more lines. The first line in a block is the canonical/correct form for a
noun. Typically, this first line includes curly braches, which tell BibTeX to
not change the captalization of a particular part of a text. Lines other than
the first one are aliases that should be converted to the canonical form. Lines
(including the first line) match both with and without the curly braces in them.
Matching is case sensitive.

The default nouns file provides several examples with comments and recommended
practices.
